Student Zone is a platform for socialising and advertising students to form groups and create connections. This is to help promote new and innovative ways of socialising and producing good pieces of work preparing people for workplace environments via the selection process and helping students develop skills and work with others in any field they want to bolster their portfolios. It is also a tool for teachers to view and understand students' strengths and weaknesses to promote better and more informed grouping in classroom settings as well as outside in the real world.

Initial  MVP is still similar to before and that is a web application that can add posts and allow users to search these posts to make groups for various projects and topics that they set themselves or search for. This must have a login page and a page to add topics. Optional additions are a chatbot NLP as well as file submission. I ideally would like to add a file submission as well as individual user profile pages that can be searched, however this requires more research on my end to implement now. It is in line with the functional and non-functional requirements found in the final Word doc part 4. The overall goal of the project has been met and a minimum viable product has been produced and reviewed by random students to see if the deliverable was up to standard.

This project has passed the level of the MVP due to the development of the NLP chatbot and finding success in getting responses from user queries with this technology that I have newly researched specifically for this project. The main feedback so far has been positive and I look forward to updating this project further in the future. I would also like to thank all those involved throughout the process of this project and that it has been a fun journey as I have developed new skills along the way.